How would you describe your family in one word?
What's a simple way to stay unhappy forever?
How would you describe the past month of your life in one word?
What has your inner voice been telling you to do?
What's one easy way to waste a life?
What instantly makes a person less attractive?
What is one fear that you know is holding you back?
What's one essential ingredient found in all healthy relationships?
What don't you do when you truly love someone?
What must be experienced to be understood?
What is a common happiness mistake people often make?
What's one small miracle that has occurred in your life?
What's something you need more of in your life?
What makes you tick?
What is keeping you motivated today?
What do you find ugly?
What's the number one piece of advice you would give to a teenager?
In what way are you a survivor?
What is life wasted without?
What's one sign it's time to let go and move on?
What item do you most often misplace?
What's one thing no one should give up on?
In one word, what's your biggest concern at the moment?
In one word, what are you hoping for?
If you had to spend one year alone with one other person, who would you want that person to be?
If you could make a 30 second speech to the entire world, what would you say?
If you were going to die at midnight, what would you be doing at 11:45 PM?
If you lost everything tomorrow, who would you turn to for help?
If you died today, what would people say about you at your funeral?
What's one piece of business you regret leaving unfinished?
What have you had a difficult time coming to grips with?
What is one moral value everyone should live by?
In what way are you better off today than you were 5 years ago?
What's one thing you are still searching for a life?
So far, what has been the primary focus of your year?
What do you think of, when you think of "true love"?
What's a song that contains a lesson you live by?
What has been a recent source of happiness in your life?
What would not be a good excuse to give up on your goals?
What's one thing that cannot be undone?
What is the most significant change you have experienced in the past 3 years?
What's something that is beneficial in small amounts, but harmful in large amounts?
In 3 words or less, how would you describe yourself?
What's one simple truth everyone should know?
What is best done slowly?
What does every person need?
What do you never get tired of?
What is one selfless way to pay it forward?
What is one simple rule that makes relationships work?
What is the biggest enemy of happiness?
What is one trait or quality that makes you who you are?
What stands between you and your full potential?
What is one of the biggest mistakes made in history?
What is one thing everybody wants?
How would you describe your parent's relationship in one word?
What keeps you up at night?
What's something you're still searching for?
What's the best way to overcome anger?
What's the number one thing do you look for in a friend?
What's something almost everyone has in common?
What's more satisfying to you: saving time or saving money?
If you suddenly had an extra room in your house, what would you do with it?
What people and activities energize you?
If the doctor gave you 5 years to live, what would you try to accomplish?
Can you describe your life in a 6 word sentence?
When you close your eyes what do you see?
What are your top 5 personal values?
Why must you love someone enough to let them go?
What three words would you use to describe the last 3 months of your life?
If you could ask one person, alive or dead, only one question, who would you ask and what would you ask?
What are 3 moral rules you will never break?
What does it mean to allow another person to truly love you?
Who or what do you think of when you think of love?
If your life was a novel, what would be the title and how would your story end?
What would you not give up for a $1,000,000 in cash?
How do you know whether it's time to continue holding on or time to let go?
If someone could tell you the exact day and time you are going to die, would you want them to tell you?
If I could grant you one wish, what would you wish for?
Why do religions that advocate unity divide the human race?
If you could live one day of your life over again, which day would you choose?
If you left this life tomorrow, how would you be remembered?
What word best describes the way you've spent the last month of your life?
When you think of home, what, specifically, do you think of?
What's the difference between settling for things and accepting the way things are?
How many of your friends would you trust with your life?
What is your most prized possession?
How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
How do you find the strength to do what you know in your heart is right?
Is it better to have loved and lost, or to have never loved at all?
What would you do if you made a mistake and somebody died?
Who do you trust and why?
If you were forced to eliminate everything in your life except what could fit into a single backpack, what would you put in it?
When does silence convey more meaning than words?
If you could erase one thing from your past, would you?
What do you think of first when you think of "success"?
What has empty fear stopped you from doing?
If today were the last day of your life, would you want to do what you are about to do today?
What do you have trouble seeing clearly in your mind?
When is love a weakness?
If today was the last day of your life, who would you call and what would you tell them?
If you could take a single photo of your life, what would it look like?
For you personally, what makes today worth living?
What have you done in the last year that makes you proud?
What is your fondest memory from the past three years?
What is your favorite song? Why?
What makes you angry? Why?
What does love feel like?
If you could go back in time and tell a younger version of yourself one thing, what would you tell?
What will you never do?
Excluding romantic relationships, who do you love?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What three questions do you wish you knew the answers to?
What is the greatest peer pressure you've ever felt? How did you cope?
What do you think is worth waiting for?
Where else would you like to live? Why?
What do you wish you had done differently?
What made you smile this week?
What motivates you to be your best?
What will you never give up on?
How would you describe the past year of your life in one sentence?
What is the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What makes you uncomfortable?
What one "need" and one "want" will you strive to attain in the next 12 months?
What life lessons did you have to experience firsthand before you fully understood them?
When you look back over the past month, what moment stands out?
What do you do to relieve stress?
What is your happiest/saddest memory?
How many people do you love?
What's your favorite true story from your life that you enjoy sharing with others?
What makes love last?
What's the most important lesson you've learned in the last year?
What are you looking forward to in the upcoming week?
Who is your mentor and what have you learned from them?
What are you uncertain about?
What do you think about when you lie awake in bed?
What makes you weird?
Would you rather your child be less attractive and extremely intelligent or extremely attractive and less intelligent?
What do you understand today about your life that you did not understand a year ago?
Who impresses you?
When should you reveal a secret you said you wouldn't?
What is the one primary quality you look for in a significant other?
If you had to be someone else for one day, who would you be? Why?
What positive changes have you made in your life recently?
What type of person angers you the most?
What is your most striking physical attribute?
If you could go back in time and change things, what would you change about the week that just passed?
At what point during the last 5 years have you felt lost and alone?
What is one opportunity you believe you missed out on when you were younger?
In one year from today, how do you think your life will be different?
How have you sabotaged yourself in the past 5 years?
Whom do you secretly envy? Why?
In 20 years, what do you want to remember?
What are you most excited about in your life right now?
What experience from this past year do you appreciate the most?
What do you wish you spent more time doing 5 years ago?
What is the most enjoyable thing your family has done together in the last 3 years?
What is the biggest challenge you face right now?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your mother?
What was the most defining moment in your life during this past year?
What's the number one change you need to make in your life in the next 12 months?
What are the top 3 qualities you look for in a friend?
What memory from this past year makes you smile the most?
In one word, how would you describe your childhood?
What is the number one motivator in your life right now?
What music do you listen to to lift your spirits when you're feeling down?
If I gave you $1000 and told you that you had to spend it today, what would you buy?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Who was the last person you said "I love you" to?
What are some recent compliments you've received?
How many friends do you have in real life that you talk to regularly?
Are you more like your mom or your dad? In what way?
What is the number one quality that makes someone a good leader?
What is your favorite place on Earth?
How would an extra $1000 a month change your life?
What is your favorite time of the year?
What is the most recent dream you remember having while sleeping?
What confuses you?
In what way are you your own worst enemy?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your favorite fictional story (novel, movie, fairytale, etc.)?
Where or who do you turn to when you need good advice?
What artistic medium do you use to express yourself?
What is the closest you have ever come to fearing for your life?
How do you deal with isolation and loneliness?
What's a quick decision you once made that changed your life?
What was the last thing you furiously argued about with someone?
What job would you never do no matter what it paid?
What could society do without?
What stresses you out?
What is one thing, right now, that you are totally sure of?
Now that it's behind you, what did you do last week that was memorable?
What makes someone a hero?
When in your life have you been a victim of streotyping?
What is the most insensitive thing a person can do?
What can someone do to grab your attention?
How would you describe your future in 3 words?
What do you usually think about on your drive home from work?
What can you do today that you were not capable of a year ago?
What's the most sensible thing you've ever heard someone say?
Would you purchase a home that was believed to be haunted?
What's something that offends you?
If you knew you were dying in 60 seconds, what would your last words be?
What rule of etiquette are you tired of seeing others break?
If you could choose one of your traits to pass on to your children, which trait would you choose?
If you could have a large room stacked full of any one thing, what would you want in it?
What would you never do as a guest in someone else's home?
What word best sums up your life thus far?
What subject should be added to high school curriculums?
Do you think your parents brought you up right? In what way will you raise your children differently?
What is the greatest challenge facing today's youth?
During a job interview, if asked, "What is your biggest flaw?", what would you say?
What drains you of your energy?
What's the closest you've come to having your 15 minutes of fame?
Which country would you never want to visit? Why?
What is the best route to happiness?
What makes you feel naked?
What's a saying or piece of advice your parents often repeated to you when you were growing up?
Do you think it's important to partake in a religion? Why?
What's something you take for granted every day?
What's the number one thing you want to achieve in the next 5 years?
In 1 word, how would you describe the society you live in?
What are the 3 most powerful words in the English language?
What do you do to make other people smile?
What is the title of the last book you read cover to cover?
Is there a place you go to where everybody knows your name?
What do you want most for your children?
When did you decide to do what you currently do for a living?
What's something you changed your mind about when you grew older?
What's the best way to heal a broken heart?
What's the most romantic thing someone has ever done for you?
What would you do differently tomorrow if you won $1,000,000 today?
What do you like about the spring season?
What's something that doesn't have an ending?
What are you scared of?
What do you like about a rainy day?
Why do so many young people still smoke cigarettes?
Which 3 personal possessions do you use the most?
When did you experience a major turning point in your life?
What is your favorite memory from a vacation?
Who brings out the best/worst in you?
What is worth dying for?
What are 3 things you love to do?
In 3 words, how would you describe your financial situation?
Have you ever run over an animal? How did it make you feel?
What do you think it would be like to be rich?
What's your favorite way to stay fit?
What answers are you searching for?
What's something a lot of people do that you disagree with?
What do you think is a massive rip-off?
What advice would you give to your 18-year-old self?
What issues do you continually refuse to confront?
How did you meet your best friend?
In order of importance how would you rank: happiness, money, love, health, fame?
What is your favorite one-liner from a book or movie?
In one sentence, who are you?
What 2 things can you not have without the other?
What didn't last forever, but was still worth your while?
How would you describe your parents in one word?
How many countries have you visited? Which ones?
What makes you feel great?
What's the first thing you would do if you won $100,000,000?
What is your favorite month of the year?
What awkward moment did you recently experience?
How do you know when you're in love?
What's the number one thing you miss about your childhood?
What has been the most important invention created during your lifetime?
What cause would you willingly give your life for?
What's something that should never be rushed?
What is something that you would hate to go without for a day?
Do you drink tap water? Why?
What does the world need now?
What's a common misconception people have about you?
What kind of people do you avoid?
What's your favorite tool?
What is the best route to the truth?
What are you procrastinating on right at this moment?
What are 3 songs you know all the lyrics to?
What's your favorite guilty pleasure?
What do you do when nothing else seems to make you happy?
In one word, how would you describe your mood right now?
What's something you were given as a child that you still cherish today?
What comes up when you Google your full name?
What song best describes your current situation?
What is your life motto?
What big lesson could people learn from your life?
What is your favorite speech from a movie?
What have you had to learn to live without?
What do you do when other people don't like you?
What never fails to frustrate you?
In one word, how would you describe your personality?
What do you want to remember forever?
What do you not like about police officers?
What worries you most about your current circumstances?
If you had to erase one of your memories, what memory would you erase?
What part of your life are you currently most passionate about?
When you think of high school, what comes to mind first?
What's your favorite city? What's your favorite thing about it?
Can war bring peace? How? Why?
What have you lost that you miss?
What song reminds you of your youth?
What's something no one can take away from you?
What has always been a mystery to you?
What is a big mistake people often make?
What or who do you wish you lived closer to?
What makes you feel incomplete?
What is your favorite time of the day?
How happy are you on a scale from 1 to 10?
What's your favorite joke?
What are the top 3 sources of happiness in your life?
What is the most important lesson your grandparents taught you?
What does beautiful look like in the dark?
How do most people lose their money?
What's something good that arose from bad circumstances?
What has been draining your happiness?
What will you never give up on?
What is something you can always count on?
How did you meet your significant other?
What's something you would do every day if you could?
Where were you on 9/11/2001 when you heard the news?
What's the last thing you need (book, article, quote, lyrics, etc.) that you truly connected with?
What are 3 key components of a healthy relationship?
What is your favorite love song?
What's your idea of a perfect date?y 
What's something you wish you could do one more time?
What are your top 3 short-term goals?
What will be different about your life in exactly one year?
What's something you wish you never saw?
What songs bring you back to great moments in your life?
So far, what has been the primary focus of your life?
What do you do to unwind after a rough day?
Do you feel younger or older than your actual age?
So far, what has been the single most significant day of your life?
What gives you peace of mind?
What word best describes what you do for a living?
If your house burned down, what 3 possessions would you miss most?
How would you describe happiness in your own words?
What's one random and weird fact about you?
What's something you know you can count on?
What is the best thing that happened to you yesterday?
What do you have total confidence in?
Who would you like to give advice to if you could? What would you tell them?
What are 10 things in your life right now that make you smile?
What are your favorite song lyrics?
What are 2 things you strongly dislike?
What is the number one key to happiness?
What are 2 things you can't get enough of?
How many novels have you read cover to cover?
At what age did you first start to feel like an adult? Why?
In one sentence, what do you wish most for your future self?
When do you feel most attractive?
What's been bothering you lately?
In one word, what do you live for?
How do you know when it's time to move on?
What's something you should always be careful with?
What are 3 positive things that happened to you this year?
What are you known for by your friends and family?
What rule of life should never be broken?
What has the little voice inside your head been saying lately?
What have you been counting or keeping track of recently?
What's something that should always be taken seriously?
What should never be taken seriously?
What makes you feel comfortable?
What is happiness?
What's something you have that everyone wants?
What should you avoid to improve your life?
What worries you the most about death?
What are you naturally good at?
What scared you the most when you were a kid?
What is worse than death?
What do you believe will never happen?
What are you craving right now?
What first time experience will you never forget?
What must you do to be happy?
What should you avoid to avoid heartache?
What's something you can always lose yourself in?
What is the most unique thing you own?
What's something you should never waste?
What are you addicted to?
What are you looking for in life right now?
What has been complicating your life lately?
What do you wish you could forget?
What memory do you wish you could remember more clearly?
What do you need to stop doing to yourself?
What do you need to start doing more often?
What's something you can't stop doing?
What do you typically do when you are sad?
What would make the world a better place right now?
Where do you feel completely safe and secure?
What's something you will never get tired of doing?
What have you had the urge to do lately?
What's something that easily distracts you?
What's something that is hard to forget?
What should you make time to do every day?
What's something that doesn't last forever?
What is life too short to do?
How far would you go to save someone you love?
What ruins relationships?
What is there no substitute for?
What would you do if you were not afraid?
When are you happiest?
Right now, what are you waiting and hoping for?
What would make your life happier?
How would you describe your ideal life in one sentence?
What's something everyone should be able to say before they die?
What is life too short to tolerate?
What habit do you wish you had developed earlier in life?
What's something that will always be yours?
What is a common cause of unhappiness?
When you look back over the past year, what moment stands out?
What do you hope is different in your life at this time next year?
What do you admire most about your significant other?
What's something that's important to you that you rarely talk about?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your best friend?
What's something that always leaves you wanting more?
If you could relive the past year, what would you do differently?
What do you always look forward to?
What is the best thing that happened to you ever this past year?
What would your life be a lot different without?
What do most people take for granted?
What type of person inspires you?
What was your life like exactly 10 years ago?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your father?
What's something you've grown to appreciate as you've grown older?
What thought has been sitting in the back of your mind recently?
What is there too much of in the world?
What has this past year taught you about yourself?
What do you always try to avoid?
What's the number one trait that makes a person attractive?
What do you need most right now?
What do you need to practice more often?
What's a simple truth people often forget?
What makes you feel complete?
What do you want most for yourself?
What's an important relationship truth people often forget?
In one word, what do you hope for?
Where do you find strength?
What's the number one ingredient of a healthy relationship?
What word best describes the way you've spent the past year of your life?
What's your number one tip for being happy?
What makes friendship last a lifetime?
What memory will you cherish for the rest of your life?
What has changed in your life in the past year?
What do you have a weakness for?
What kind of persons would you never be friends with?
What do you want most for your family?
What will you never put up with?
What is the top source of heartache in your life?
What do you see everywhere you go?


835

What people and activities make you feel depleted?
If I were to say to you, "Just go for it!", what would "it" be?
Right now, at this moment, who do you miss the most?
What is one human right everyone has?
What is the worst pain you have ever overcome?
When you're really angry, what can calm you down in an instant?
What's a quote or life lesson that changed the way you think?
What's one way to change your life at any age?
What is your favorite feeling?
What is something that is not fair?
What will you never allow in your home?
What's one quote or reminder worth reviewing daily?
What are two things you need in your life to be happy?
What's a habit standing between you and what you want?
What has surprised you the most recently?
What is your favorite memory of your mom?
What's something most people appreciate?
What's the best news you've received recently?
What's one timeless lesson you learned from your father?
What's one timeless lesson you learned from your mother?
What are you most afraid of beginning?
What's something you look forward to almost every day?
What's a belief that holds you back?
What's something that makes you unhappy?
What's the biggest problem in your life right now that you would like to solve?
Can you count to 10 in good things you see around you right now?
What's something that gets on your nerves often?
What's the best advice you have ever given yourself?
What's something you will never stop believing in?
What would you accomplish if you knew you couldn't fail?
What is your number one defense against other people's negativity?
What's something most people have in common?
What's a fictional character from a song, book, or movie that you would like to meet?
What has society lost sight of these days?
Is what you're living for worth dying for?
When you look in the mirror, what do you see?
What's your favorite summertime memory?
What are you one step closer to?
If everyone carried a gun, would there be more or less shootings?
What would you change about society if you could?
What gives you goosebumps just by thinking of it?
What is something you will continue to do until the day you die?
What should you not do when someone insults you?
What's one thing you love about your life?
What do you want your friends and family to remember as your greatest accomplishment?
On a scale from 0 to 10 how happy are you today?
In your eyes, what makes your significant other most attractive?
What's something you would like to be forgiven for?
What's one question you've never been able to answer?
How has society changed since you were a child?
What's your passion?
What's something you're self conscious about?
What is one choice you know your future self will thank you for?
5 years ago, what did you think would be different about your life today?
What is one thing you protect?
What's one good reason it's time to move on?
What's something good that's hard to find?
What's something everyone should beware of?
What do you do when you feel like giving up?
If you could learn to do anything, what would it be?
What's the best part of waking up?
What can you do today to become a person others want to be around?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
What is your first memory of being really excited?
What would you name the autobiography of your life?
If you could choose anyone, who would you pick as your mentor?
What's something you need to say more often?
What are a few words of wisdom you live by?
What would you never buy even if you won the lottery?
What kind of advice do you not want?
What's one thing that makes the world go round?
Where would you like to visit but never live?
What's something you would never lie about?
Who do you go to when you need advice?
What makes a "home"?
What is one thing you are not?
What's one way to add more life to your years?
What is the happiest memory you have of your mother?
What is the happiest memory you have of your father?
What's one place everyone should visit before they die?
What's something that can't be forced?
What's one thing that hurts?
What's one wish you hope comes true?
When and where did you see the most beautiful sunset?
What is the most adventurous activity you have ever done?
What is your favorite line out of a song?
What regrets do you stock up on, if any?
What's one sign it's time for a change?
What's one reason you love your life today?
What's one thing you hope to change?
What's one productive thing you can accomplish in one minute?
What's something you always misplace?
What's something you need to do for yourself?
What's one thing you are sure of?
What's a life lesson some people learn too late?
Who do you sometimes feel pressured to impress?
What's something you should never trust?
How are you going to know if you never try?
What kind of person would you never trust?
What is something everyone should know about you?
If you had to work without getting paid for 90 days straight, what work would you want to do?
When are you most confident and comfortable?
What makes you a confident person?
What's something everyone should say before it's too late?
What's one thing you want to start doing in the next 12 months?
What's one thing you want to stop doing in the next 12 months?
What's something you would like to be reminded of more often?
What's one good habit you should start in your 20s?
What is one of life's little pleasures that you often indulge in?
What would a real friend never do?
What's something you wish more people knew about you?
What are possibilities that most interest you right now?
What's a decision you've waited too long to make?
How do you know when you're happy?
How do you escape reality for a while when you need to?
What word best describes you during the course of this past year?
What is the toughest thing?
What's one word people who know you well would never use to describe you?
What thoughts fill you with fear?
What never fails to capture your attention?
Who do you want to be in one year from now?
What's one thing you would love to do for yourself this year?
In what way do you wish your life was different?
What's one reason you're stuck where you are?
What's one example of a time when you gave in to your fears?
What's something that can't last forever?
What is your mission here on Earth?
How do you usually spend the two hours before you go to bed?
What is one unfulfilled dream you still have?
What's one thing you can do to feel beautiful on the inside?
How would you describe your lifestyle in two words or less?
What do you miss?
If you were living in the old Wild West, what profession do you think you'd choose?
What can you give to someone to make them happy?
What's something you wish you could say out loud?
What's the best thing you can offer a friend?
What's one rule you will try to live by in the year ahead?
What's one big mistake you made this year?
What's one thing you need to stop doing in the next 12 months?
What could you have done better this year?
What's one famous quote that totally changed your perspective?
What do you enjoy most about the holiday season?
What are two things you need to do every day?
What gives you peace of mind?
What's your number one resolution for the upcoming year?
What's one resolution everyone should make every year?
Who lifts you higher?
What makes you feel alone?
What do you want most for your family?
What is one thing that there is no substitute for?
What is one word you love to be called?
What do you hope to have accomplished in one month from today?
What takes only 30 minutes a day?
What reminds you of "home"?
What's one small act of kindness that made a big difference to you?
What makes you feel needed?
What's one word you would use to describe your family?
When you're having a bad day what do you do to feel better?
What word best describes your home?
What's one thing best friends do for each other?
In what ways have you changed over the last 5 years?
What's something you would never put up with?
What's something you're happy you did when you were younger?
What do you enjoy daydreaming about?
Who worries you?
What puts you in a good mood?
Who would you like to be stuck in an elevator with for an hour?
What's one word that best describes your greatest passion?
What's something that makes you different?
What's one event that has made you stronger?
Who intimidates you?
Who would you like to receive a surprise visit from?
What's something you know you take for granted?
Excluding "I love you.", what are 3 words you like to hear?
What was the best thing about your day today?
What do you wish you knew sooner?
If I follow you, where will we be in 5 years?
What was the most annoying thing about your day today?
What's something you do not need to be happy?
What times are gone forever?
What could excite you the most right this very moment?
In 3 words or less, how would you describe the point you're at in your life?
How can you save $100 this month?
In one word, what do you want to achieve in the upcoming year?
What's one possibility that makes you nervous?
What are the biggest roadblocks standing in your way?
What's one thought provoking quote that motivates you?
In 3 words, how would you sum up this year so far?
What's one thing that you can't put a price on?
What is the most inspiring sentence you have ever heard or read?
What's the most life-changing book you've ever read?
What should you do if you feel something is wrong?
Are there any acceptable instances where a lie is better than the truth?
How do you know if you've found "the one"?
What is the greatest enemy of love?
What are you fed up with?
What's something you've never had in your life?
What are you uncertain about right now?
If you were dying and could give only one piece of advice to a young person, what would you say?
What's one thing you always put off doing?
What can quickly irritate you?
What is it that you need to be happy?
What's the worst struggle in life?
What specific qualities do you look for in a friend or lover?
What's one way to make a problem worse?
What's one thing every relationship needs?
What's one way people drive you crazy?
What is something that is hard to take back?
What is the best thing that could possibly happen today?
What do you appreciate most about your friends?
Where is one place you don't want to go?
What do you do when you want to show someone you love them?
What's the biggest change in your life in the past 3 years?
What's something that you don't ever want to do?
What's a quote that gives you strength and hope?
What would you appreciate never hearing again?
What's one thing you are not?
What's one thing that changes people?
What should you never touch?
What should you not touch?
What's the biggest decision you've had to make today?
What's something you refuse to put up with?
What do you feel "naked" without?
What is your favorite outdoor place to let go and be one with nature?
What do you view as a bad combination?
What do you need to stop letting others do to you?
Where are you looking forward to visiting?
What is the best compliment someone can give you?
What is something interesting about you that almost no one knows?
What would make you super-proud if you accomplished it this year?
If you could describe your life using only one color, what would it be and why?
What is something you have a hard time listening to?
What's one good piece of advice everyone should follow?
What behaviors from others should never be tolerated?
What's a risk you're thinking about taking?
What is the most common white lie you hear people tell?
What's one kind of person or situation you would never mess with?
In one word, what's on your mind right now?
What is something that should not be feared?
What is the greatest pearl of wisdom that you have ever learned in your life?
What's something you always laugh about when you see it?
How would you describe your career in only one word?
What is one thing that is unique and true about you?
What is something you always run out of?
How many true friends do you have that you can count on?
What are you dealing with right now?
What's one regret you don't want to have?
How would you describe your best friends in one word?
What do you wish more people understood about you?
What's your response to someone who is rude and says they hate you?
What do you wish you understood sooner in life?
What situation has been stealing your happiness?
What's one belief that has slowed you down and held you back in life?
What helps you hold on to hope and determination when times get tough?
How can you say "thank you" without saying words?
What kind of negativity do you struggle to defend yourself against?
What goals and dreams excite you?
What impact do you want to leave on the people you love?
What character traits make a person attractive in your eyes?
What's one big warning sign you're in the presence of bad company?
What self-defeating lies do people often tell themselves?
How would you describe the current state of your life in 3 words?
What does every good relationship have?
What do you not want to see in your lifetime?
What's your favorite way to show someone you love them?
What's something you're grateful for that you often take for granted?
In 3 words or less, where are you currently headed in life?
What's the craziest advice you've ever gotten?
In what way do you need a second chance?
In one word, how would you describe your career?
What's your big win of the week?
What should every couple stop doing to each other?
What do you not tolerate from a friend?
What's one thing that makes life worth living?
In one word, what scares you the most?
What word best describes your year so far?
What do you hope happens in the next year?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only 3 words?
What's one truth pretty much everyone would agree with?
What is the most beautiful thing you've seen today?
What should you never have to put up with?
What's something you're grateful for that you sometimes take for granted?
What's one promise you have made to yourself?
What do you miss most about your life from 5 years ago?
What would your "priceless" commercial be?
In your life, what has been the biggest blessing in disguise?
What's one place you want to live before you die?
What happened this year that you are truly thankful for?
What would a real friend never do to you?
What activities help you feel most like yourself?
What makes a friend unforgettable?
What do you want most out of life?
If you were imprisoned, how would you use your time productively?
What's something you would never do to someone else?
What's something you have to do to feel alive?
Who are you grateful to have in your life?
What is the most common lie you hear people utter?
If someone made a movie about your life thus far, what would the title be?
If you had all the money you could ever need, what would you be doing with your life right now?
Who do you wish you could hug more often?
What's one thing you always avoid?
What's something that never ends well?
What does living a good life mean to you?
What word best describes your work?
Where do you see yourself at this time next year?
What is one word that best describes your home?
What is something you have always wished for?
What is priceless to you?
What is something you wish for everyone you love?
What should a healthy relationship provide for the people in it?
What always helps lift you up when you're feeling down?
If you could spend one whole year doing anything you wanted, what would you do?
Where do you go to find peace?
What helps you stay positive when you feel lost and alone?
In one word, what do you want most from your relationship?
What do you most care about in your personal and professional life right now?
How would you describe yourself in 5 words?
If you lost everything today, whose arms would you want to run into?
What's something you always look forward to?
What's something positive you try to keep in mind when negativity surrounds you?
What would you do differently if you got the chance to relive the past 5 years of your life?
If you could make a 10 second speech to the entire world, what would you say?
In one word, what's standing between you and your biggest goal?
If you woke up tomorrow with no fear, what would you do first?
When did you last laugh so much, it hurt?
What song reminds you of good times from your teenage years?
What will you never know for sure?
What is the single worst quality a person can have?
